cif-am http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-AM.xml
cif-bd http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-BD.xml
cif-bo http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-BO.xml
cif-br http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-BR.xml
cif-bf http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-BF.xml
cif-kh http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-KH.xml
cif-cl http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-CL.xml
cif-co http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-CO.xml
cif-cd http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-CD.xml
cif-dm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-DM.xml
cif-eg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-EG.xml
cif-et http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-ET.xml
cif-gh http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-GH.xml
cif-gd http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-GD.xml
cif-ht http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-HT.xml
cif-hn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-HN.xml
cif-in http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-IN.xml
cif-id http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-ID.xml
cif-jm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-JM.xml
cif-kz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-KZ.xml
cif-ke http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-KE.xml
cif-la http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-LA.xml
cif-mv http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-MV.xml
cif-ml http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-ML.xml
cif-mx http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-MX.xml
cif-ma http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-MA.xml
cif-mz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-MZ.xml
cif-np http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-NP.xml
cif-ne http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-NE.xml
cif-ng http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-NG.xml
cif-389 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-389.xml
cif-889 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-889.xml
cif-pg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-PG.xml
cif-pe http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-PE.xml
cif-ph http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-PH.xml
cif-lc http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-LC.xml
cif-vc http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-VC.xml
cif-ws http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-WS.xml
cif-za http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-ZA.xml
cif-tj http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-TJ.xml
cif-tz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-TZ.xml
cif-th http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-TH.xml
cif-to http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-TO.xml
cif-tr http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-TR.xml
cif-ua http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-UA.xml
cif-vn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-VN.xml
cif-998 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-998.xml
cif-ye http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-YE.xml
cif-zm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/CIF/CIF-ZM.xml
