finland_mfa-001 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/2012/Finland_total_2012.xml
finland_mfa-002 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/2013/Finland_total_2013.xml
finland_mfa-003 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/2014/Finland_total_2014.xml
finland_mfa-af http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_AF.xml
finland_mfa-298 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_298.xml
finland_mfa-al http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_AL.xml
finland_mfa-dz http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_DZ.xml
finland_mfa-498 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_498.xml
finland_mfa-ao http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_AO.xml
finland_mfa-ag http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_AG.xml
finland_mfa-ar http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_AR.xml
finland_mfa-am http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_AM.xml
finland_mfa-798 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_798.xml
finland_mfa-az http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_AZ.xml
finland_mfa-bd http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BD.xml
finland_mfa-bb http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BB.xml
finland_mfa-by http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BY.xml
finland_mfa-bz http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BZ.xml
finland_mfa-bj http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BJ.xml
finland_mfa-bt http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BT.xml
finland_mfa-998 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_998.xml
finland_mfa-bo http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BO.xml
finland_mfa-ba http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BA.xml
finland_mfa-bw http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BW.xml
finland_mfa-br http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BR.xml
finland_mfa-bf http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BF.xml
finland_mfa-bi http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_BI.xml
finland_mfa-kh http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_KH.xml
finland_mfa-cm http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CM.xml
finland_mfa-cv http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CV.xml
finland_mfa-cf http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CF.xml
finland_mfa-619 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_619.xml
finland_mfa-td http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TD.xml
finland_mfa-cl http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CL.xml
finland_mfa-cn http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CN.xml
finland_mfa-co http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CO.xml
finland_mfa-cg http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CG.xml
finland_mfa-cd http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CD.xml
finland_mfa-cr http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CR.xml
finland_mfa-ci http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CI.xml
finland_mfa-hr http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_HR.xml
finland_mfa-cu http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_CU.xml
finland_mfa-dm http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_DM.xml
finland_mfa-do http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_DO.xml
finland_mfa-ec http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_EC.xml
finland_mfa-eg http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_EG.xml
finland_mfa-sv http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SV.xml
finland_mfa-er http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_ER.xml
finland_mfa-et http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_ET.xml
finland_mfa-89 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_89.xml
finland_mfa-789 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_789.xml
finland_mfa-fj http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_FJ.xml
finland_mfa-ga http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_GA.xml
finland_mfa-gm http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_GM.xml
finland_mfa-ge http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_GE.xml
finland_mfa-gh http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_GH.xml
finland_mfa-gt http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_GT.xml
finland_mfa-gn http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_GN.xml
finland_mfa-gw http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_GW.xml
finland_mfa-gy http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_GY.xml
finland_mfa-ht http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_HT.xml
finland_mfa-hn http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_HN.xml
finland_mfa-in http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_IN.xml
finland_mfa-id http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_ID.xml
finland_mfa-ir http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_IR.xml
finland_mfa-iq http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_IQ.xml
finland_mfa-jm http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_JM.xml
finland_mfa-jo http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_JO.xml
finland_mfa-kz http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_KZ.xml
finland_mfa-ke http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_KE.xml
finland_mfa-kp http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_KP.xml
finland_mfa-57 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_57.xml
finland_mfa-kg http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_KG.xml
finland_mfa-la http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_LA.xml
finland_mfa-lb http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_LB.xml
finland_mfa-ls http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_LS.xml
finland_mfa-lr http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_LR.xml
finland_mfa-mk http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MK.xml
finland_mfa-mg http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MG.xml
finland_mfa-mw http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MW.xml
finland_mfa-my http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MY.xml
finland_mfa-mv http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MV.xml
finland_mfa-ml http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_ML.xml
finland_mfa-mr http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MR.xml
finland_mfa-mu http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MU.xml
finland_mfa-mx http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MX.xml
finland_mfa-589 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_589.xml
finland_mfa-md http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MD.xml
finland_mfa-mn http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MN.xml
finland_mfa-me http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_ME.xml
finland_mfa-ma http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MA.xml
finland_mfa-mz http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MZ.xml
finland_mfa-mm http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_MM.xml
finland_mfa-na http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_NA.xml
finland_mfa-np http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_NP.xml
finland_mfa-ni http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_NI.xml
finland_mfa-ne http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_NE.xml
finland_mfa-ng http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_NG.xml
finland_mfa-389 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_389.xml
finland_mfa-189 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_189.xml
finland_mfa-889 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_889.xml
finland_mfa-om http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_OM.xml
finland_mfa-pk http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_PK.xml
finland_mfa-ps http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_PS.xml
finland_mfa-pa http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_PA.xml
finland_mfa-pg http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_PG.xml
finland_mfa-py http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_PY.xml
finland_mfa-pe http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_PE.xml
finland_mfa-ph http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_PH.xml
finland_mfa-rw http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_RW.xml
finland_mfa-kn http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_KN.xml
finland_mfa-lc http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_LC.xml
finland_mfa-vc http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_VC.xml
finland_mfa-sn http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SN.xml
finland_mfa-rs http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_RS.xml
finland_mfa-sl http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SL.xml
finland_mfa-sb http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SB.xml
finland_mfa-so http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SO.xml
finland_mfa-689 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_689.xml
finland_mfa-za http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_ZA.xml
finland_mfa-489 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_489.xml
finland_mfa-679 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_679.xml
finland_mfa-289 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_289.xml
finland_mfa-lk http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_LK.xml
finland_mfa-88 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_88.xml
finland_mfa-sd http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SD.xml
finland_mfa-sr http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SR.xml
finland_mfa-sz http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SZ.xml
finland_mfa-sy http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_SY.xml
finland_mfa-tj http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TJ.xml
finland_mfa-tz http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TZ.xml
finland_mfa-th http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TH.xml
finland_mfa-tl http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TL.xml
finland_mfa-tg http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TG.xml
finland_mfa-tt http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TT.xml
finland_mfa-tn http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TN.xml
finland_mfa-tr http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TR.xml
finland_mfa-tm http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_TM.xml
finland_mfa-ug http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_UG.xml
finland_mfa-ua http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_UA.xml
finland_mfa-uy http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_UY.xml
finland_mfa-uz http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_UZ.xml
finland_mfa-ve http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_VE.xml
finland_mfa-vn http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_VN.xml
finland_mfa-ye http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_YE.xml
finland_mfa-zm http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_ZM.xml
finland_mfa-zw http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/Finland_ZW.xml
finland_mfa-000 http://formin.finland.fi/opendata/IATI/2013/MFA_org_file.xml
