oxfamgb-289 http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-289.xml
oxfamgb-498 http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-498.xml
oxfamgb-589 http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-589.xml
oxfamgb-679 http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-679.xml
oxfamgb-789 http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-789.xml
oxfamgb-798 http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-798.xml
oxfamgb-89 http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-89.xml
oxfamgb-998 http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-998.xml
oxfamgb-af http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-af.xml
oxfamgb-al http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-al.xml
oxfamgb-am http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-am.xml
oxfamgb-ao http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ao.xml
oxfamgb-az http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-az.xml
oxfamgb-bd http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-bd.xml
oxfamgb-bf http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-bf.xml
oxfamgb-bo http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-bo.xml
oxfamgb-br http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-br.xml
oxfamgb-cd http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-cd.xml
oxfamgb-cl http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-cl.xml
oxfamgb-co http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-co.xml
oxfamgb-er http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-er.xml
oxfamgb-et http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-et.xml
oxfamgb-gb http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-gb.xml
oxfamgb-ge http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ge.xml
oxfamgb-gh http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-gh.xml
oxfamgb-gt http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-gt.xml
oxfamgb-hn http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-hn.xml
oxfamgb-ht http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ht.xml
oxfamgb-id http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-id.xml
oxfamgb-il http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-il.xml
oxfamgb-in http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-in.xml
oxfamgb-jo http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-jo.xml
oxfamgb-ke http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ke.xml
oxfamgb-kh http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-kh.xml
oxfamgb-lb http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-lb.xml
oxfamgb-lk http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-lk.xml
oxfamgb-lr http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-lr.xml
oxfamgb-ml http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ml.xml
oxfamgb-mm http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-mm.xml
oxfamgb-mw http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-mw.xml
oxfamgb-mx http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-mx.xml
oxfamgb-mz http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-mz.xml
oxfamgb-ne http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ne.xml
oxfamgb-ng http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ng.xml
oxfamgb-ni http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ni.xml
oxfamgb-np http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-np.xml
oxfamgb-pe http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-pe.xml
oxfamgb-ph http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ph.xml
oxfamgb-pk http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-pk.xml
oxfamgb-ps http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ps.xml
oxfamgb-ru http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ru.xml
oxfamgb-rw http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-rw.xml
oxfamgb-sd http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-sd.xml
oxfamgb-sl http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-sl.xml
oxfamgb-sn http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-sn.xml
oxfamgb-so http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-so.xml
oxfamgb-ss http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ss.xml
oxfamgb-sv http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-sv.xml
oxfamgb-sy http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-sy.xml
oxfamgb-td http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-td.xml
oxfamgb-th http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-th.xml
oxfamgb-tj http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-tj.xml
oxfamgb-tz http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-tz.xml
oxfamgb-ug http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ug.xml
oxfamgb-vn http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-vn.xml
oxfamgb-ye http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-ye.xml
oxfamgb-za http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-za.xml
oxfamgb-zm http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-zm.xml
oxfamgb-zw http://policy-practice.oxfam.org.uk/~/media/Files/policy_and_practice/methods_approaches/open_information/oxfamgb-zw.xml
