worldbank-289 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-289.xml
worldbank-298 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-298.xml
worldbank-389 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-389.xml
worldbank-619 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-619.xml
worldbank-679 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-679.xml
worldbank-789 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-789.xml
worldbank-89 http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-89.xml
worldbank-af http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-AF.xml
worldbank-ag http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-AG.xml
worldbank-al http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-AL.xml
worldbank-am http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-AM.xml
worldbank-ao http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-AO.xml
worldbank-ar http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-AR.xml
worldbank-az http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-AZ.xml
worldbank-ba http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BA.xml
worldbank-bb http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BB.xml
worldbank-bd http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BD.xml
worldbank-bf http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BF.xml
worldbank-bg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BG.xml
worldbank-bi http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BI.xml
worldbank-bj http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BJ.xml
worldbank-bo http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BO.xml
worldbank-br http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BR.xml
worldbank-bt http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BT.xml
worldbank-bw http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BW.xml
worldbank-by http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BY.xml
worldbank-bz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-BZ.xml
worldbank-cd http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CD.xml
worldbank-cf http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CF.xml
worldbank-cg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CG.xml
worldbank-ci http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CI.xml
worldbank-cl http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CL.xml
worldbank-cm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CM.xml
worldbank-cn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CN.xml
worldbank-co http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CO.xml
worldbank-cr http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CR.xml
worldbank-cv http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-CV.xml
worldbank-dj http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-DJ.xml
worldbank-dm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-DM.xml
worldbank-do http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-DO.xml
worldbank-dz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-DZ.xml
worldbank-ec http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-EC.xml
worldbank-ee http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-EE.xml
worldbank-eg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-EG.xml
worldbank-er http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-ER.xml
worldbank-et http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-ET.xml
worldbank-fj http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOPE/Resources/5929468-1305310586289/WB_FJ.xml
worldbank-ga http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GA.xml
worldbank-gd http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GD.xml
worldbank-ge http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GE.xml
worldbank-gh http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GH.xml
worldbank-gm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GM.xml
worldbank-gn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GN.xml
worldbank-gq http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GQ.xml
worldbank-gt http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GT.xml
worldbank-gw http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GW.xml
worldbank-gy http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-GY.xml
worldbank-hn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-HN.xml
worldbank-hr http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-HR.xml
worldbank-ht http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-HT.xml
worldbank-hu http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-HU.xml
worldbank-id http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-ID.xml
worldbank-in http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-IN.xml
worldbank-iq http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-IQ.xml
worldbank-ir http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-IR.xml
worldbank-jm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-JM.xml
worldbank-jo http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-JO.xml
worldbank-ke http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-KE.xml
worldbank-kg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-KG.xml
worldbank-kh http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-KH.xml
worldbank-ki http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-KI.xml
worldbank-km http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-KM.xml
worldbank-kn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-KN.xml
worldbank-kr http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-KR.xml
worldbank-kz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-KZ.xml
worldbank-la http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-LA.xml
worldbank-lb http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-LB.xml
worldbank-lc http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-LC.xml
worldbank-lk http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-LK.xml
worldbank-lr http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-LR.xml
worldbank-ls http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-LS.xml
worldbank-lt http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-LT.xml
worldbank-lv http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-LV.xml
worldbank-ma http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MA.xml
worldbank-md http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MD.xml
worldbank-me http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-ME.xml
worldbank-mg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MG.xml
worldbank-mh http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MH.xml
worldbank-mk http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MK.xml
worldbank-ml http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-ML.xml
worldbank-mm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MM.xml
worldbank-mn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MN.xml
worldbank-mr http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MR.xml
worldbank-mu http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MU.xml
worldbank-mv http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MV.xml
worldbank-mw http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MW.xml
worldbank-mx http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MX.xml
worldbank-my http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MY.xml
worldbank-mz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-MZ.xml
worldbank-na http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-NA.xml
worldbank-ne http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-NE.xml
worldbank-ng http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-NG.xml
worldbank-ni http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-NI.xml
worldbank-np http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-NP.xml
worldbank-org http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOPE/Resources/5929468-1305310586289/IATI_ORG.xml
worldbank-pa http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-PA.xml
worldbank-pe http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-PE.xml
worldbank-pg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-PG.xml
worldbank-ph http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-PH.xml
worldbank-pk http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-PK.xml
worldbank-pl http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-PL.xml
worldbank-py http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-PY.xml
worldbank-ro http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-RO.xml
worldbank-rs http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-RS.xml
worldbank-ru http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-RU.xml
worldbank-rw http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-RW.xml
worldbank-sb http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SB.xml
worldbank-sc http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SC.xml
worldbank-sd http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SD.xml
worldbank-si http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SI.xml
worldbank-sk http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SK.xml
worldbank-sl http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SL.xml
worldbank-sn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SN.xml
worldbank-ss http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SS.xml
worldbank-st http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-ST.xml
worldbank-sv http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SV.xml
worldbank-sy http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SY.xml
worldbank-sz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-SZ.xml
worldbank-td http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TD.xml
worldbank-tg http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TG.xml
worldbank-th http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TH.xml
worldbank-tj http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TJ.xml
worldbank-tl http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TL.xml
worldbank-tm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TM.xml
worldbank-tn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TN.xml
worldbank-to http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TO.xml
worldbank-tr http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TR.xml
worldbank-tt http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TT.xml
worldbank-tv http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TV.xml
worldbank-tw http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TW.xml
worldbank-tz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-TZ.xml
worldbank-ua http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-UA.xml
worldbank-ug http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-UG.xml
worldbank-uy http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-UY.xml
worldbank-uz http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-UZ.xml
worldbank-vc http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-VC.xml
worldbank-vn http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-VN.xml
worldbank-vu http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-VU.xml
worldbank-ws http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-WS.xml
worldbank-xk http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-XK.xml
worldbank-ye http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-YE.xml
worldbank-za http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-ZA.xml
worldbank-zm http://siteresources.worldbank.org/IATI/WB-ZM.xml
